Document credentials handling for IA-5(7) (#109)
cloud-gov/aws-broker: README.md

> Note: All environment variables prefixed with `DB_` refer to attributes for the database the broker itself will use for internal uses.

1. `DB_URL`: The hostname / IP address of the database.
1. `DB_PORT`: The port number to access the database.
1. `DB_NAME`: The database name.
1. `DB_USER`: Username to access the database.
1. `DB_PASS`: Password to access the database.
1. `DB_TYPE`: The type of database. Currently supported types: `postgres` and `sqlite3`.
1. `DB_SSLMODE`: The type of SSL Mode to use when connecting to the database. Supported modes: `disabled`, `require` and `verify-ca`.
1. `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`: The id credential (treat like a password) with access to make requests to the Amazon RDS .
1. `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`: The secret key (treat like a password) credential to access Amazon RDS.
1. `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION`: Region you wish to provision services in.
1. `AUTH_USER`: The username used by cf to authenticate to the broker
1. `AUTH_PASS`: The password used by cf to authenticate to the broker
1. `ENC_KEY`: This is an string that must be 16, 24, or 32 bytes long.  It is an AES key that is used to encrypt the password.

#### Instantiation

> The broker is deployed by Concourse CI onto CloudFoundry, using a manifest that is built by the cloud.gov secrets management system to specify the environment variables. When the app is deploy, Concourse [registers](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/services/managing-service-brokers.html#register-broker) the broker, specifying the AUTH_USER and AUTH_PASS.

Reviewer: Grammar fix:

```suggestion
The broker is deployed by Concourse CI onto CloudFoundry, using a manifest that is built by the cloud.gov secrets management system to specify the environment variables. When the app is deployed, Concourse [registers](https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/services/managing-service-brokers.html#register-broker) the broker, specifying the AUTH_USER and AUTH_PASS.
```

#### Provision a new instance

When an authenticated, authorized CloudFoundry user runs `cf create-service aws-rds _plan_name_ _service_name_`, the CloudFoundry platform uses the OSBAPI (open-service broker API) (https://github.com/openservicebrokerapi/servicebroker/blob/master/spec.md) to call the registered broker with a `PUT` request, `/v2/service_instances/:instance_id` where instance_id is a GUID. The request uses BASIC AUTH, e,g.:

```
curl -X PUT https://username:password@aws-broker..../v2/service_instances/:instance_id
```

The broker expects the `AUTH_PASS`and `AUTH_USER` as specified in the environment, which the Platform has provided (see above)

The response indicates if the provisioning request has been accepted.

#### Broker to AWS to provision an instance

The broker application calls the AWS API with the AWS Access Key and Secret Key, which were provided as environment variables at instantiation. 

When the provisioning is complete, the broker takes the following actions:
- For RDS and Redis, it creates a username/password in the AWS service, and stores the credentials in the broker database

> - For AWS Elasticsearch, it creates and IAM user with privileges to the new instance, the stores the credentials in the broker database

Reviewer: Grammar fixes:

```suggestion
- For AWS Elasticsearch, it creates an IAM user with privileges to the new instance, then stores the credentials in the broker database
```
